CMake: add readme (#13551)
ARMmbed/mbed-os: cmake/README.md

> ## The CMake for Mbed OS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CMake for Mbed OS
```

Until further notice, CMake for Mbed OS is still in the development.  

### Supported targets

Only a limited set of targets is supported at the moment.

These targets should work:
- K64F 
- DISCO_L475VG_IOT01A 
- NRF52840_DK 
- WIO_3G
- K66F

### Supported toolchains

> ARMClang6 and Gcc Arm toolchains are supported.

Reviewer: Their official names are `Arm Compiler 6` and `GNU Arm Embedded`. Or if you want to use the names we use in Mbed you should probably say `ARM` and `GCC_ARM`.

Author: Let's use official names, I'll add them

### Examples

Supported examples can be identified by the presence of a top level `CMakelists.txt` input source file. 

### Known issues

> - ARMClang6: the assembler does not include definitions. It will be fixed in the upcoming release (>3.18.2)

Reviewer: Maybe a link to the issue you raised? It will show readers what to do to fix it on their system so they can build.
Link: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21148#note_823305

Author: fixing now

## CMake for Mbed OS

Until further notice, CMake for Mbed OS is still in the development. 

### Supported targets

Only a limited set of targets is supported at the moment.

These targets should work:
- K64F 
- DISCO_L475VG_IOT01A 
- NRF52840_DK 
- WIO_3G
- K66F

### Supported toolchains

Arm Compiler 6 and GNU Arm Embedded toolchains are supported.

### Examples

Supported examples can be identified by the presence of a top level `CMakelists.txt` input source file. 

### Known issues

- ARMClang6: the assembler does not include definitions. It will be fixed in the upcoming release (>3.18.2). Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21148#note_823305
- Ninja: ARMClang6 response files require unix paths on Windows. Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21093

## How to build an application

Prerequisities:
- CMake >=3.18.2
- mbed-tools >=3.2.0

From the application root run the following:

> 1. To create Mbed OS configuration: `mbedtools configure -m target_name -t toolchain_name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To create the Mbed OS configuration CMake module, from the root of the application (or wherever `mbed-os.lib` is found), run: 
``
mbedtools configure -m <mbed-target> -t <toolchain>
``
```
Please note that I omitted the extras "`" for formatting purposes in this comment.

> 2. Run CMake to create the project files and build the project using Ninja: `mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. -GNinja && cmake --build .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following command to create a build directory, generate the project configuration, and build the project using `Ninja`: 
``
mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. -G Ninja && cmake --build .
``
```

Please note that I omitted the extras "`" for formatting purposes in this comment.

## CMake for Mbed OS

Until further notice, CMake for Mbed OS is still in the development. 

### Supported targets

Only a limited set of targets is supported at the moment.

These targets should work:
- K64F 
- DISCO_L475VG_IOT01A 
- NRF52840_DK 
- WIO_3G
- K66F

### Supported toolchains

Arm Compiler 6 and GNU Arm Embedded toolchains are supported.

### Examples

Supported examples can be identified by the presence of a top level `CMakelists.txt` input source file. 

### Known issues

- ARMClang6: the assembler does not include definitions. It will be fixed in the upcoming release (>3.18.2). Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21148#note_823305
- Ninja: ARMClang6 response files require unix paths on Windows. Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21093

## How to build an application

Prerequisities:
- CMake >=3.18.2
- mbed-tools >=3.2.0

From the application root run the following:

> 1. To create the Mbed OS configuration CMake module, from the root of the application or wherever `mbed-os-lib` is found: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To create the Mbed OS configuration CMake module, from the root of the application or wherever `mbed-os.lib` is found: 
```

Author: fixed

    ```

>     mbedtools configure -m target_name -t toolchain_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    mbedtools configure -m <mbed-target> -t <toolchain>
```
OR

```suggestion
    mbedtools configure -m <target-id> -t <toolchain-id>
```

Author: fixed now

>     ``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
```

Author: fixed

> 2. Run the following command to create a build directory, generate the project configuration and build the project using `Ninja`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to create a build directory, generate the project configuration and build the project using `Ninja`: 
```

Author: fixed

Arm Compiler 6 and GNU Arm Embedded toolchains are supported.

### Examples

Supported examples can be identified by the presence of a top level `CMakelists.txt` input source file. 

### Known issues

- ARMClang6: the assembler does not include definitions. It will be fixed in the upcoming release (>3.18.2). Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21148#note_823305
- Ninja: ARMClang6 response files require unix paths on Windows. Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21093

## How to build an application

Prerequisities:
- CMake >=3.18.2
- mbed-tools >=3.2.0

From the application root run the following:
1. To create the Mbed OS configuration CMake module, from the root of the application or wherever `mbed-os.lib` is found: 

    ```
    mbedtools configure -m <mbed-target> -t <toolchain>
    ```

1. Run the following command to create a build directory, generate the project configuration and build the project using `Ninja`: 

    ```
    mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. -GNinja && cmake --build .
    ```

The default build type is Develop. Use `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to change it. The options are Develop, Release or Debug: 

    ```

>     cmake .. -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Develop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cmake .. -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Develop && cmake --build .
```

Author: fixed

## CMake for Mbed OS

> Until further notice, CMake for Mbed OS is still in the development. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until further notice, CMake for Mbed OS is still in development. 
```

Application profile selection (`bare metal` or `full`), printf library selection (`minimal-printf` or `std`), C library selection (`small` or `std`) and other features that require altering compiler/linker command line options are not yet supported.
The full profile with the standard printf and C library are selected by default.

### Supported targets

Only a limited set of targets is supported at the moment.

These targets should work:
- K64F 
- DISCO_L475VG_IOT01A 
- NRF52840_DK 
- WIO_3G
- K66F

### Supported toolchains

Arm Compiler 6 and GNU Arm Embedded toolchains are supported.

### Examples

Supported examples can be identified by the presence of a top level `CMakelists.txt` input source file. 

### Known issues

- ARMClang6: the assembler does not include definitions. It will be fixed in the upcoming release (>3.18.2). Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21148#note_823305
- Ninja: ARMClang6 response files require unix paths on Windows. Reference: https://gitlab.kitware.com/cmake/cmake/-/issues/21093

## How to build an application

Prerequisities:
- CMake >=3.18.2
- mbed-tools >=3.2.0

> From the application root run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the application root or wherever `mbed-os.lib` is found:
```

> 1. To create the Mbed OS configuration CMake module, from the root of the application or wherever `mbed-os.lib` is found: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to create the Mbed OS configuration CMake module: 
```

    ```
    mbedtools configure -m <mbed-target> -t <toolchain>
    ```

1. Run the following command to create a build directory, generate the project configuration and build the project using `Ninja`: 

    ```
    mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. -GNinja && cmake --build .
    ```

> The default build type is Develop. Use `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to change it. The options are Develop, Release or Debug: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default build type is `Develop`. Use `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to select `Develop`, `Release` or `Debug` as follows: 
```

```

> cmake .. -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Develop && cmake --build .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cmake .. -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=<supported-build-type> && cmake --build .
```

>     ```
>     cmake .. -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Develop && cmake --build .
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``
cmake .. -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Develop && cmake --build .
``
```
There is a formatting issue related to the indentation, all three lines should be moved to the beginning.

Note: I removed one "`" because of formatting issues with this comment but you should obviously have three of them as expected.

Author: +1 ,fixed
